Hi friends, Welcome to Priyanka's Kitchen
The dish we are going to tell you that is served during fasting.
Yes, we are talking about Sabudana Khichdi which is known to everyone.
So, we will start how to make sabudana khichdi. so come with me
so for making sabudana khichdi, firstly you take 250gm of sabudana and soak it for 1 hour
and after that put it in the strainer to infuse the water for almost 2 hours after that
it will look like this, then press it and if it mash up then that means its ready to cook
will take 2 medium size chopped potatoes to put in it
you can take green chillies according to your taste, as in i like spicy then i have taken 3-4 green chillies
take roasted almond, roast it on the low flame,after that peel it and crush it coarsely
since we are making it to have in fasting so will not use normal use, instead will use This one Sendha namak
it is easily available in the market you can purchase its powder & take a piece of it and grind at your home
and in the last we will put coriander leaves for garnishing
Now put almost 2 spoon of cooking oil in a pan
once the oil heat up then we will add chopped potatoes in them
will cook these potatoes till then they are cooked
if you want you can put green chillies along with potatoes, but we will put it later on as its taste good when it is crunchy
when you feel the potatoes are coked then we will add salt, with this they will look separated
as you can see that these potatoes are cooked then we will add salt
remember it is sendha namak it is less salty so it is put in good amount
and now we will put chopped green chillies
now you see these potatoes are getting red
when they get red and cooked , press it like this
as they are cooked and now we will add some red chilli
and take the peanuts , roast & peel and then coarsely crush them and then put it in it
see, its color is getting changed
now we will put sabudana  in it
after putting sabudana then we will put salt in it
although we have added salt but then we will put salt in it
as i said that it is sendha namak and it is less salty then normal salt
now will put crushed black pepper
and now cook it for 5 minutes
now our khichdi is almost ready, will cook it for more 2 minutes
and you will notice that there is one advantage of getting sabudana cooked, that it becomes transparent
when it reaches to this level that means its cooked
now our sabudana is completely cooked
we have taken the juice of the half of the lemon, and will put that juice in it
and the chopped coriander leaves
after that turn the flame off and get it mixed. so that it get  mixed nicely
take it off in the bowl
after that garnish it with left over coriander leaves
See, our hot-hot sabudana khichdi is ready
You can have it either with green chutney or with the curd